[Music]
it has been scientifically proven that
you must solve 10 detective riddles
every day to develop and exercise your
brain
you don't believe it ok ok perhaps we
have made this fact up
but you can't deny that entertaining
your mind solving cases along with
sherlock holmes and other famous
detectives
is anything but boring so if you are
ready to check how attentive you are
this video is what you need remember to
give us a like for letting you feel
like a real professional and solving
crimes good luck
a detective and the blacksmith brothers
on a snowy winter night
the detective was resting in front of
the fireplace suddenly
somebody threw a snowball at his window
the hit was so strong that the glass
shattered the detective stood up and had
just enough time to notice three kids
who lived in the neighborhood running
away
they were brothers with the names sam
blacksmith peter blacksmith
and mark blacksmith the next day a paper
note was left on the detective's door
there it was written question mark
blacksmith he threw the snowball
the detective knew immediately which
brother to question
okay now you have 15 seconds
hopefully enough time to figure it out
the symbol question mark is called the
question mark
so here we go question mark blacksmith
he threw the snowball
[Music]
escape
once a famous detective stevenson had to
find an escaped prisoner
he knew the criminal was hiding in one
of these houses
but he had to know the exact address so
as to not frighten the criminal away
first he took a photo of the houses with
the help of a drone when he looked at
the photo
he realized where the criminal was so
can you understand where that fugitive
was and what helped the detective find
him
you have 15 seconds your time has
started
[Music]
[Applause]
are you ready to check your guesses
the murderer was in house a
you see the car standing nearby was the
only car
parked facing the road it would let the
criminal escape quickly
jailbreak jack is placed in a cell with
a dirt floor
and only one window positioned so high
no one could reach it
the cell is empty except for a shovel
it's hot and dry there
but jack won't get any food or drink
anytime soon
he has only two days to break out of the
jail
if not he'll die we know what you have
immediately thought but
no digging a tunnel is not an option as
it will take more than two days
so how should jack escape the cell
what's your guess don't forget you can
pause the video to have more time to
[Music]
think
all set here's the answer well the way
out for jack turned out to be a piece of
cake
he had to use the shovel to make a pile
of dirt under the window
climb on it and escape from the cell
seriously who secures prisoners this way
[Music]
your task is the following empty one jar
of milk
and one jar of water into a bowl oh wait
you couldn't think this would be that
simple there are several conditions
you must be able to differentiate
between the milk and the water
you can separate the milk from the water
and finally
you aren't allowed to use any kinds of
dividers to keep these two liquids apart
wow that's a task even cinderella didn't
have to deal with
will you be able to figure out how to
separate the inseparable
20 seconds for you to do this
[Music]
in fact all you need to do is to pour
the water into the bowl
first and freeze it then after that just
add the milk
and then you have milk on the rocks
all in the family a famous
singer filed a lawsuit against a
paparazzo
who she claimed was crossing boundaries
into her personal life
when it was time for the big day in
court it turned out that the prosecuting
and defense lawyers
knew each other actually one of them was
the father of the other son
how is that possible you've got 15
seconds to detangle
these twisted family ties
well if you were making up words and
calling this lawyer his second grand
cousin or something
props for the creativity but you were
wrong
the lawyers are simply married to each
other the wife was up against the father
of her son
[Music]
suicide or murder a detective comes to a
crime scene
a man is said to jump out of a window of
an abandoned building
and commit suicide the detective goes
inside the building to the first floor
to the room at the front
he lights a cigarette goes up to the
window which faces the dead man
opens it and throws the cigarette out
then he goes to the second floor
and does the same he continues until he
has visited
all the floors and repeated the action
again and again
then he returns to his team and says
that it was by no means a suicide
but a murder how did he find it out
it took the detective much longer than
15 seconds to understand the truth
what about you are you smarter
[Music]
when a person commits suicide jumping
from a high floor
they don't tend to close the window
behind them but in this case
none of the windows which faced the dead
man were left open
it means that there was somebody who
closed them after the man died
detectives tragedy one morning
the detective had an argument with his
wife and went away without his cell
phone and the keys
in the evening when he returned home he
found his colleague
his scared wife and a murdered man
steven's wife told her story
i was sitting in the living room when i
heard the doorbell
i thought it was my husband and opened
the door but a criminal pushed me
and so i stabbed him with a knife
the detective ordered the policeman to
arrest his wife
because she had planned to kill him
how did the detective figure it out time
to rack your brain
[Music]
unfortunately mrs stevens indeed planned
to kill her husband
she went to open the door with a knife
because she thought it was her husband
a stolen necklace mrs smith
went to the police claiming that her
vintage necklace was
missing the woman was upset when the
police arrived
they saw no signs of a break-in no
messed up locks
no misplaced doors only one window was
broken
there was a total mess inside the house
and dirty footprints all over the floor
surprisingly the next day mrs smith was
arrested for fraud
why
are you ready there five seconds left
[Music]
here's the answer the police were sure
that mrs smith lied to them
because the window was broken from the
inside
if it had been broken from the outside
little pieces of glass
would have been on the room's floor
there's a magician famous for the tricks
he performs
one of such tricks is staying under the
water for 10 minutes
however one day john smart challenges
the magician
saying that he will stay under the water
for two minutes longer
to say that the magician is surprised is
to say nothing
he accepts the bet and promises john to
give him five
thousand dollars if he does beat the
record
all in all john wins and gets his money
how does he manage to do this
do you think that john could be
practicing not to breathe underwater
since childhood
or perhaps he's an amphibian what's your
idea
you have 20 seconds to make up your mind
[Music]
well to tell you the truth john was
cheating just a bit
he took a glass filled it with water and
held it over his head for 12 minutes
yep always read the fine print on the
contracts you sign
secure delivery jill
and liz live miles apart from each other
and they love
sending each other presents in the mail
this time
jill has a special gift for liz a gold
bracelet with their initials
of course she doesn't want this precious
item to get lost or stolen
so she got a lock to secure the gift box
safely
the problem is that liz doesn't have the
key to jill's lock
she has her own lock the key to which
jill doesn't have
jill can't send the lock box and the key
together obviously
do you think it's possible for them to
somehow get the bracelet delivered
securely
i hope you can help these besties out
within 15 seconds
where there's a will there's a way a
very complicated way
jill should send the package with her
own lock on it
once liz gets it she should simply add
her own lock to the box
and send it back to jill so now it has
two locks on it
when jill gets the package she simply
takes her lock off
leaving liz's on and sends it back to
liz
liz will now receive the package with
only her lock on it
iced tea two young ladies were having
dinner together
they both ordered iced tea one of them
was very thirsty
and drank very fast she had five glasses
during the time the other drank
only one tragically the girl who was
nursing her drink
and drinking slowly died the others
stayed alive
but it turned out that all the drinks
they had been served contained poison
how is it possible that the girl who
drank more survived
strange case are you ready with the
answer
[Music]
in fact the poison was contained in the
ice
the ice and the tea of the girl who
drank fast didn't have time to melt
but the ice cubes in the other girls
drink melted releasing the poison
into her tea
friendly murder mary and ben
lived with their four friends one day
ben came home
and found mary dead on a sofa bummer
he called the police the detective
arrived and realized that mary had been
killed
not so long ago he interrogated all four
friends
that's what their stories told
[Music]
mia was in the kitchen and said she'd
come home two hours ago
and gone to the kitchen
john was reading a book in the garden he
said he hadn't left the place that day
jennifer said she had been swimming in a
swimming pool for three hours
jane was painting in her room
unexpectedly the detective asked
everyone to show him their hands
and found out who lied to him
immediately that person was the murderer
how did stevens uncover the criminal
time is ticking away
tick tock
who do you think the detective was
checking
[Music]
well time is out here's the answer pay
attention to the hands of jennifer
if she had been swimming in the pool for
so long the skin on her palms would have
been wrinkled
oh jennifer your pruning hands gave you
away
[Music]
murder at school on the first day of the
school year
a geography teacher was murdered the
police had as many as
four suspects they were the gardener
the math teacher the coach and even the
school principal
i vote for the principal now the
sticking point was that they all had
alibis
the gardener was cutting bushes the math
teacher was holding a mid-year test
the coach was playing basketball the
principal was in the office
despite this the killer was arrested
immediately
can you guess who killed the geography
teacher and how the police solve the
mystery
you have 15 seconds to find the killer
[Music]
the killer was the math teacher
according to his own words
he was holding a mid-year test but the
crime happened on the first day of the
school year
he needs to learn how to lie better
don't you think
sam princeton is so unhappy with his
life
so frustrated with his boss picking at
him
and so angry with himself for being too
weak to leave his job and start a new
life
that he shoots himself right between his
eyes in the bathroom
the bullets are real the revolver is
real as well
however in just a second sam goes out of
the bathroom alive and unharmed
how is it possible hmm that's not a
piece of cake
or perhaps you've already figured it out
if not
you still have 20 seconds to use
[Music]
the thing is that sam didn't shoot at
his real self
he shot his reflection in the mirror
the clock strikes midnight
the clock strikes six times at six
o'clock
the first and last strike are thirty
seconds apart
can you tell how long it'll take the
clock to strike 12 times at midnight
your 15 seconds on the clock start now
[Music]
did you decide 60 seconds that would be
too simple now wouldn't it
of course that's wrong the correct
answer is
66 seconds there were five intervals
between
six strikes at six o'clock if we divide
thirty by
five we'll see that each interval
between two strikes
lasts six seconds there will be 11 of
these intervals at midnight
so it'll take the clock 66 seconds to
strike
12 times at midnight nice try maybe
you'll get it the next
[Music]
time
mysterious death in the car a man was
found
shot to death in his car the policemen
were puzzled
as there was no gunpowder on his clothes
or anywhere else in the car
this meant that the person who shot him
was outside but all the windows were
closed
all the doors locked and the only bullet
hole was on the man's body
how was it possible perhaps some mystic
powers
here's your 15 seconds
[Music]
the answer is actually quite simple the
car where the man had been killed
was a convertible when the fatal shot
sounded the roof was down
[Music]
blood ties a millionaire was shot in the
forehead at his own home
detective stevens spoke to the
millionaire's three sons
jack john and james who were at home
jack said that night john their father
oh let me guess the wife's name is jane
i'll bet
anyway the father had been at an
official reception
they arrived home and entered the living
room his father came in first
then john and jack himself
[Music]
when their father came up to the stairs
james entered the living room
and shot their father john confirmed
jack's information
[Music]
james said he had visited his friends
that night
when he arrived home his father had
already been dead
the detective understood everything
immediately so
who was the killer and how did stevens
resolve that case
what do you think
[Music]
the word of one brother against two
others a tricky case
or have you already figured out what
happened let's check if you were right
john and jack lied if james had killed
their
father a bullet would have shot him in
the nape because he wanted to go
upstairs
however the wound was on his forehead
all right i was thinking it was jane but
now
[Music]
a lonely man a lonely
old man lived in his house in the
suburbs of the city
he led a quiet life perhaps he was a
homebody
as he never left his dwelling for long
it was a midsummer friday when the
mailman walked by and called out for the
man
there was no answer coming from inside
the house
the mailman looked into the window and
oh no
saw the man in a pool of blood when the
policeman arrived
he found tuesday's newspaper two bottles
of warm milk
and one bottle of cold milk the next day
the killer was arrested
do you know how the police found out who
it was so quickly
what is your idea
[Music]
five seconds remaining can you see the
answer
it was obviously the mailman he knew
that no one in that house would read a
newspaper on wednesday or
thursday that's why he came only on
friday
[Music]
in the city where people are keen on
brain teasers and riddles
four percent of people don't list their
phone numbers
so if we select 40 random people from
the phone directory
how many of them will have unlisted
numbers
oops seems you'll have to apply some
knowledge of mathematics here
20 seconds to refresh everything you've
ever learned
[Music]
the answer may make you indignant you've
opened your math school books after all
but it's zero percent if the numbers of
these 40 people
are in the phone directory they are
already listed by default
[Music]
murder at the mansion
on sunday afternoon mr james was found
dead
outside his mansion buried under the
snow oh
oh frosty the snowman did it uh no
okay never mind noticing him the
gardener
informed james wife who immediately
called the police
the police asked everybody in the house
what they had been doing before the body
was found
and got the following alibis the
gardener had been shoveling snow off the
walkways of the property
the maid had been making the beds the
chef had been making breakfast
the wife had been reading a book while
waiting for her breakfast
the son had been having a long hot
shower
the daughter had been sitting near the
fireplace
later that day two of them were arrested
who were they
think it over you've got 15 seconds
[Music]
the wife and the chef killed mr james
how did the police guess well who makes
and waits for breakfast in the afternoon
flying coffee a woman was having
breakfast at a nice restaurant
at one moment she noticed a fly in her
coffee she was indignant and made the
waiter bring her another cup of the
drink
after he returned with a new cup of
coffee she shouted
what is the service in this place you
have brought me the same cup of coffee
how did she understand it perhaps the
woman was a psychic
what do you think
[Music]
she had already put sugar in her
previous cup of coffee
when she tried the new one it was sweet
[Music]
romantic journey mr and mrs clyde went
on a trip to the mountains
but two days later mr clyde returned
home alone
he went to the police and said that mrs
clyde had fallen to her death
[Music]
the next day detective stevens visited
mr clyde and arrested him for his wife's
murder
clyde confessed his guilt and asked the
detective how he found out he was the
murderer
stephen said he simply called a travel
agent and asked for some information
[Music]
what did the travel agent say to the
detective
[Music]
what is your version did it have
anything to do with the insurance
perhaps
you have just a few seconds left
[Music]
do you know the answer the words of the
travel agent
shed light on the whole situation mr
clyde bought two plane tickets to the
mountains
and only one return ticket ah
if only mrs clyde had known hey
blame the beatles she didn't have a
ticket to ride
[Music]
two pills a serial killer had a
particular practice going
he kidnapped people and made them take
one of two pills
one was harmless the other was poisonous
whichever pill a victim took
the serial killer took the other one
then the scheme repeated itself
continuously
victims took their pills with water and
died
the killer repeatedly survived how did
he
always get the harmless pill good luck
your time has started
[Music]
here's the answer the serial killer was
tricking people
the poison was in the glass of water his
victims drank
not in the pill oh that stinks
so unfair
[Music]
you have seven guests at your birthday
party and you've got to figure out how
to cut your round birthday cake only
three times to make eight equal sized
slices
seven for your guests and one for you of
course
time's a ticking and your guests are
waiting for their cake so get going
[Music]
answer well first off you have to cut
vertically right down the middle of the
cake to make two equal pieces
do the same thing but this time
horizontally to make four slices
your third and final cut should be
laterally across the cake
which will quickly turn your four slices
into eight
so how'd you do on this one and no
worries we still got tons more
sam's birthday sam
is a truly special young lady she was
just 17 the day before yesterday
next year she'll be 20 already what's
her secret
you've got 15 seconds to figure out this
girl's mysterious
[Music]
aging
sam's not a time traveler or anything
she was born on december 31st
so if today is january 1st it's correct
to say that she was 17
on the day before yesterday she turned
the next day she'll be 19 on the last
day of this year
and next year she'll be 20. and that's
how sam
gets a lot of dates
[Music]
in court for killing the wife a man is
accused of killing his wife
his lawyer in his final statement
declares that the wife of the man
in fact hasn't been killed and will
enter the courtroom in a minute
everybody in the room including the
judge and the jury
turns and looks at the door and the
lawyer with the defendant
looks at them several minutes pass and
the lawyer says
it proves that you are not so sure that
my client has killed his wife
otherwise you wouldn't believe me almost
immediately after that
the jury comes up with a guilty verdict
why does it happen
15 seconds to find the answer
[Music]
the man who had been accused wasn't
looking at the door
he was sure his wife wouldn't enter as
he had killed her
[Music]
liar a man told the police that he had
come home from work
to find his wife's dead body lying in
the middle of the parlor
he said she had apparently found his gun
in his desk
and shot herself however the policeman
knew at once
that the man was live
how did he know 15 seconds is all you
have to solve this mystery
[Music]
the policeman noticed that the man had
an empty gun holster attached to his
belt
it meant he'd either been about to take
the gun with him
or had it on him all along the former
couldn't be true
because he said he'd come home from work
and found his wife dead
that's why we are left with the ladder
not the latter the latter
which proves that the man had actually
shot his wife
frozen windows once on a
cold winter day a tragedy happened john
found his friend dead in his own house
john called the police and said he was
just passing by jack's house
when he decided to drop by to see him he
had been knocking and ringing the bell
for a long time
however all was silent perhaps jack
wasn't at home
but john could very well see the light
in the room through a frozen window
he breathed on the ice window glass and
saw jack on the floor
unexpectedly for john the police
arrested him as the main suspect
why 15 seconds to go
[Music]
only five seconds left
obviously john hasn't thought his legend
through
he wouldn't be able to unfreeze the
window glass because
it's usually icy on the inside
[Music]
a blind man had been dreaming of being
able to see again for many years
this had been his biggest wish after
some time
his doctor confirmed that he could have
an operation that would solve his
problem
the man couldn't be happier the surgery
went well
and the man took the train to go home
the doctor allowed him to take his
bandages off three hours after the
operation
so the man was so impatient that he did
this while still on the train
but as soon as he finished he committed
a suicide
jumping off the tree his operation was
successful
so why did he do this 20 seconds for you
to solve this mystery
[Music]
why could a man whose dream has come
true kill himself
in fact it was a tragic coincidence
when the man opened his bandages the
train was going through
a dark tunnel that's why the man thought
he was still
blind and killed himself
stuck in the middle it's fitness day at
school
and all the children ran the same
distance each kid was ranked according
to his or her
own unique result billy turned out to be
both
the 50th fastest and the 50th slowest
runner
how many kids are there at billy's
school piece of cake right
i'll still give you 15 seconds just in
[Music]
case
even though 100 sounds like a clear-cut
answer it's
actually 99. billy is 50th in the
sequence from 1 to 50 of the fastest
runners
if he's the 50th slowest there has to be
99 runners rank from 50 to 99
[Music]
a case of a smuggler a man carrying two
bags with sand
crosses the mexican border on a bicycle
every day
customs officers regularly check the
bags and all the time
they contain sand it is obvious that the
man smuggles something
but the officers can't realize what it
is exactly
as they don't have any proof the man
crosses the border without interruptions
what does he smuggle your time has
started
[Music]
this creative individual distracts the
custom officer's attention with the bags
of sand
but in fact he smuggles bicycles
[Music]
silly murderer the detective was
speaking to a doctor in a waiting room
when a dismayed man rushed in and
screamed somebody shot my wife
the detective asked the man to tell him
everything
the man mr clark said that he was at
work when his housekeeper called him
and said that something terrible had
happened to his wife and that she was in
the intensive care unit
he hung up immediately and went to the
hospital
when mr clark finished his story the
detective
arrested him on the attempted murder
charge
[Music]
why did he do this
can the detective read minds what is
your opinion
you have just a few seconds left to make
your guess
in fact mr clark didn't know anything
about a shot
his housekeeper only said that something
bad had happened to his wife
no firearm had been mentioned by the way
are you also keeping count of how many
couples are killing their spouses
so much spouse aside what does this say
about our society
well firstly the killers all screw it up
but i digress
chemical substances
a famous chemist was murdered in his lab
there was no evidence found
except for a piece of paper with the
names of chemical substances on it
on the day he was murdered the chemist
had only three visitors
his wife mary his nephew nicholas and
his friend
jonathan the police arrested the
murderer right away
how did they know who it was a little
hint
pay closer attention to the note
[Music]
the answer is hidden in the note this
piece of paper had a clue
if you combine the short names of the
chemical substances on the paper you'll
get a name
[Music]
n-i-c-o-l-a-s
even dying this man remained a real
chemist
speaking of chemists here's one for you
johnny was a chemist's son
but johnny is no more for what he
thought was
h2o was h2so4
which is of course sulfuric acid oops
well did you manage to solve these
detective riddles
did you wow if so don't forget to hit
like and share this video with your
friends
[Music]
your friend asks you for a favor and
gives you five dollars
asking you to buy something to eat
something to drink
something to feed his cow with and
something to plant in his garden
at the same time you're allowed to buy
just one thing
what are you going to buy to eat to
drink to feed the cow
and to plant wow doesn't your friend
think that's a little bit too much
do you know the solution to his riddle
if not yet
you still have 20 seconds
[Music]
you can go and buy a watermelon
you can eat it you can drink it you can
feed the cow with the rinds
and as for the watermelon seeds you can
easily plant them in the garden
the resourceful goldsmith a king
invited a famous astrologer to his
palace in order to read his future in
the stars
the astrologer agreed to come at a price
he said he would show up on any day of
the month and the king would have to pay
him on the spot in goal
he demanded an amount of gold in ounces
corresponding to the date of his visit
the king agreed so he ordered the
goldsmith to make gold pieces weighing
from 1 to 31 ounces the king was
expecting to see
31 pieces but only got 5 instead
how much did each piece weigh since this
one
involves some math you've got 30 seconds
to solve it
[Music]
this clever goldsmith made five easily
combinable pieces of gold instead of 31
individuals they weighed 1 2
4 8 and 16 ounces
with these weights the king could give
the astrologer a one
and two ounce piece on the third day or
for day 15
he could give the astrologer pieces
weighing one two
four and 8 ounces on the 30th day
the astrologer would get pieces weighing
2 4 8
and 16. all the other dates would be
possible to weigh in gold too
suicide message a body of a man was
found in the flat
at some moment he collapsed against his
desk a gun in his hand
the police found a cassette recorder
nearby when they pressed the play button
what they heard was i can't live like
this anymore
then the sound of a gunshot was heard
however
the detective immediately figured out
that it was a murder
how did he realize that it wasn't a
suicide
surely you already know the answer if
not
you still have some time
[Music]
if the man had killed himself he by no
means would have been able to rewind the
tape
conclusion there was someone else
[Music]
the murder of an aristocrat
george smith was murdered on sunday
evening
there were five other people in his
house mr smith's wife
i'm betting she did it his personal cook
a butler
a housemaid and a gardener
[Music]
they all told detective stevens what
they were doing that evening
mrs smith was reading a book near a
fireplace
the cook was making breakfast
the butler was giving instructions to
workers in the living room
the housemate was washing the dishes
the gardener was watering plants in the
greenhouse
right after all the conversations the
detective arrested the murderer
[Music]
who was the killer and how did stevens
find the criminal
will you be able to solve this riddle in
15 seconds
if you want more time to consider this
case you can always pause the video
[Music]
well what is your answer the criminal
was the cook
of course he was i knew that all the
time the murder was committed in the
evening
but he said he was making breakfast he
had to pay more attention to what he was
saying
you know what i think mrs smith paid the
gardener to kill her husband because he
was having an affair with a housemaid
it all fits
[Music]
crime scene a man killed his wife in
their car
he used a knife which he later threw
away into an abyss
where nobody was going to find it his
wife's body he took out of the car
he was very careful and left no
fingerprints after that
he headed home in a couple of hours he
got a call from the police
they informed him that his wife had been
killed and he had to arrive at the crime
scene right away
as soon as he got there however he was
suspected for the murder
how did the police realize it had been
him who was guilty
and 15 seconds for you take your time
[Music]
the husband wasn't informed of the
definite location of the crime scene
despite that he came to the right place
we hope you had a good time while
solving these riddles which one was the
hardest nut to crack
tell us in the comments and share this
video with your friends
you can compare the results afterwards
once a king sentenced a man to death for
a crime he had committed
however the king was a kind man so he
allowed the man to choose the way he
would prefer to die
but the man was clever and managed to
say something that saved him from the
capital punishment
which death did he choose you have only
20 seconds to figure it out
but if you need more time don't forget
you can pause the video
[Music]
well being a clever man the culprit
chose to die
of old age
[Music]
[Applause]
two men are standing on the edge of an
abyss on a wood board
one of them is holding a gun and wants
to shoot the other one
but if the second guy falls down the
first one will
fall into the abyss is there a possible
way for one of them to survive
who will actually die 20 seconds for you
to solve this dilemma
[Music]
in fact the thing is that the answers to
this riddle are too diverse
and everyone just thinks differently so
what is your idea
we hate to leave you hanging over the
abyss but hey
it's what we do sometimes share your
guesses with us in the comments
[Music]
so
also tell us which riddle made you think
longer than others
and if there was a super tough one you
didn't manage to solve
share this video with those of you
friends who like riddles and mysteries
as much as you do
remember to press the like button and
click subscribe
this way you'll make sure that you have
access to many more cool videos
on the bright side of life
[Music]
it has been scientifically proven that
you must solve 10 detective riddles
every day to develop and exercise your
brain
you don't believe it okay okay perhaps
we have made this fact up
but you can't deny that entertaining
your mind solving cases along with
sherlock holmes and other famous
detectives
is anything but boring so if you are
ready to check how attentive you are
this video is what you need remember to
give us a like for letting you feel like
a real professional and solving crimes
good luck a detective and the blacksmith
brothers
on a snowy winter night the detective
was resting in front of the fireplace
suddenly somebody threw a snowball at
his window
the hit was so strong that the glass
shattered
the detective stood up and had just
enough time to notice three kids who
lived in the neighborhood running away
they were brothers with the names sam
blacksmith peter blacksmith
and mark blacksmith the next day a paper
note was left on the detective's door
there it was written question mark
blacksmith
he threw the snowball the detective knew
immediately which brother to question
okay now you have 15 seconds
hopefully enough time to figure it out
[Music]
the symbol question mark is called the
question mark
so here we go question mark blacksmith
he threw the snowball
[Music]
escape
once a famous detective stevenson had to
find an escaped prisoner
he knew the criminal was hiding in one
of these houses
but he had to know the exact address so
as to not
frighten the criminal away first
he took a photo of the houses with the
help of a drone
when he looked at the photo he realized
where the criminal was
so can you understand where that
fugitive was and what helped the
detective find him
you have 15 seconds your time has
[Music]
[Applause]
started
are you ready to check your guesses
the murderer was in house a
you see the car standing nearby was the
only
car parked facing the road it would let
the criminal escape quickly
jailbreak jack is placed in a cell with
a dirt floor
and only one window positioned so high
no one could reach it
the cell is empty except for a shovel
it's hot and dry there
but jack won't get any food or drink
anytime soon
he has only two days to break out of the
jail
if not he'll die we know what you have
immediately thought but
no digging a tunnel is not an option as
it will take more than two days
so how should jack escape the cell
what's your guess don't forget you can
pause the video to have more time to
think
[Music]
all set here's the answer well the way
out for jack turned out to be a piece of
cake
he had to use the shovel to make a pile
of dirt under the window
climb on it and escape from the cell
seriously who secures prisoners this way
your task is the following empty one jar
of milk
and one jar of water into a bowl oh wait
you couldn't think this would be that
simple there are several conditions
you must be able to differentiate
between the milk and the water
you can separate the milk from the water
and finally
you aren't allowed to use any kinds of
dividers to keep these two liquids apart
wow that's a task even cinderella didn't
have to deal with
will you be able to figure out how to
separate the inseparable
20 seconds for you to do this
[Music]
in fact all you need to do is to pour
the water into the bowl first
and freeze it then after that just add
the milk
and then you have milk on the rocks
all in the family a famous
singer filed a lawsuit against a
paparazzo
who she claimed was crossing boundaries
into her personal
life when it was time for the big day in
court
it turned out that the prosecuting and
defense lawyers knew each other
actually one of them was the father of
the other son
how is that possible you've got 15
seconds to detangle
these twisted family ties
[Music]
well if you were making up words and
calling this lawyer his second grand
cousin or something
perhaps for the creativity but you were
wrong
the lawyers are simply married to each
other the wife was up against the father
of her son
[Music]
suicide or murder a detective comes to a
crime scene
a man is said to jump out of a window of
an abandoned building
and commit suicide the detective goes
inside the building to the first floor
to the room at the front
he lights a cigarette goes up to the
window which faces the dead man
opens it and throws the cigarette out
then he goes to the second floor
and does the same he continues until he
has visited
all the floors and repeated the action
again and again
then he returns to his team and says
that it was by no means a suicide
but a murder how did he find it out
it took the detective much longer than
15 seconds to understand the truth
what about you are you smarter
[Music]
do
when a person commits suicide jumping
from a high floor
they don't tend to close the window
behind them but in this case
none of the windows which faced the dead
man were left open
it means that there was somebody who
closed them after the man died
[Music]
detectives tragedy one morning
the detective had an argument with his
wife and went away without his cell
phone and the keys
in the evening when he returned home he
found his colleague his scared wife
and a murdered man steven's wife told
her story
i was sitting in the living room when i
heard the doorbell
i thought it was my husband and opened
the door but a criminal pushed me
and so i stabbed him with a knife
the detective ordered the policeman to
arrest his wife
because she had planned to kill him
how did the detective figure it out time
to rack your brain
[Music]
unfortunately mrs stevens indeed planned
to kill her husband
she went to open the door with a knife
because she thought it was her husband
a stolen necklace mrs smith
went to the police claiming that her
vintage necklace was missing
the woman was upset when the police
arrived
they saw no signs of a break-in no
messed-up locks
no misplaced doors only one window was
broken
there was a total mess inside the house
and dirty footprints all over the floor
surprisingly the next day mrs smith was
arrested for fraud
why
[Music]
are you ready there five seconds left
here's the answer the police were sure
that mrs smith
lied to them because the window was
broken from the
inside if it had been broken from the
outside
little pieces of glass would have been
on the room's floor
there's a magician famous for the tricks
he performs
one of such tricks is staying under the
water for 10 minutes
however one day john smart challenges
the magician
saying that he will stay under the water
for two minutes longer
to say that the magician is surprised is
to say nothing
he accepts the bet and promises john to
give him five
thousand dollars if he does beat the
record
all in all john wins and gets his money
how does he manage to do this
do you think that john could be
practicing not to breathe underwater
since childhood
or perhaps he's an amphibian what's your
idea
you have 20 seconds to make up your mind
[Music]
well to tell you the truth john was
cheating just a bit
he took a glass filled it with water and
held it over his head
for 12 minutes yep always read the fine
print on the contracts you saw
secure delivery jill
and liz live miles apart from each other
and they love
sending each other presents in the mail
this time
jill has a special gift for liz a gold
bracelet with their initials
of course she doesn't want this precious
item to get lost or stolen
so she got a lock to secure the gift box
safely
the problem is that liz doesn't have the
key to jill's lock
she has her own lock the key to which
jill doesn't have
jill can't send the lock box and the key
together obviously
do you think it's possible for them to
somehow get the bracelet delivered
securely
i hope you can help these besties out
within 15 seconds
where there's a will there's a way a
very complicated way
jill should send the package with her
own lock on it
once liz gets it she should simply add
her own lock to the box
and send it back to jill so now it has
two locks on it
when jill gets the package she simply
takes her lock off
leaving liz's on and sends it back to
liz
liz will now receive the package with
only her lock on it
iced tea two young ladies were having
dinner together
they both ordered iced tea one of them
was very thirsty
and drank very fast she had five glasses
during the time the other drank only one
tragically the girl who was nursing her
drink and drinking slowly
died the other stayed alive but it
turned out that
all the drinks they had been served
contained poison
how is it possible that the girl who
drank more survived
strange case are you ready with the
answer
[Music]
in fact the poison was contained in the
ice
the ice and the tea of the girl who
drank fast didn't have time to melt
but the ice cubes in the other girls
drink melted releasing the poison
into her teeth
friendly murder mary and ben
lived with their four friends one day
ben
came home and found mary dead on a sofa
bummer he called the police
the detective arrived and realized that
mary had been killed
not so long ago he interrogated all four
friends
that's what their stories told
[Music]
mia was in the kitchen and said she'd
come home two hours ago and gone to the
kitchen
john was reading a book in the garden he
said he hadn't left the place that day
jennifer said she had been swimming in a
swimming pool for three hours
jane was painting in her room
unexpectedly the detective asked
everyone to show him their hands
and found out who lied to him
immediately that person was the murderer
how did stevens uncover the criminal
time is ticking away
tick tock
who do you think the detective was
checking
[Music]
well time is out here's the answer pay
attention to the hands of jennifer
if she had been swimming in the pool for
so long the skin on her palms would have
been wrinkled
oh jennifer your pruning hands gave you
away
murder at school on the first day of the
school year
a geography teacher was murdered the
police had as many as four suspects
they were the gardener the math teacher
the coach
and even the school principal i vote for
the principal
now the sticking point was that they all
had alibis
the gardener was cutting bushes the math
teacher was holding a mid-year test
the coach was playing basketball the
principal was in the office
despite this the killer was arrested
immediately
can you guess who killed the geography
teacher and how the police solve the
mystery
you have 15 seconds to find the killer
[Music]
the killer was the math teacher
according to his own words
he was holding a mid-year test but the
crime happened on the first day of the
school year
he needs to learn how to lie better
don't you think
sam princeton is so unhappy with his
life
so frustrated with his boss picking at
him
and so angry with himself for being too
weak to leave his job and start a new
life that he shoots himself
right between his eyes in the bathroom
the bullets are real the revolver is
real as well
however in just a second sam goes out of
the bathroom alive and unharmed
how is it possible hmm that's not a
piece of cake
or perhaps you've already figured it out
if not
you still have 20 seconds to use
[Music]
the thing is that sam didn't shoot at
his real self
he shot his reflection in the mirror
[Music]
the clock strikes midnight
the clock strikes six times at six
o'clock
the first and last strike are thirty
seconds apart
can you tell how long it'll take the
clock to strike 12 times at midnight
your 15 seconds on the clock start now
[Music]
did you decide 60 seconds that would be
too simple now wouldn't it
of course that's wrong the correct
answer is
66 seconds there were five intervals
between
six strikes at six o'clock if we divide
thirty by five we'll see that each
interval between two strikes
last six seconds there will be 11 of
these intervals at midnight
so it'll take the clock 66 seconds to
strike
12 times at midnight nice try maybe
you'll get it the next
time
mysterious death in the car a man was
found
shot to death in his car the policemen
were puzzled
as there was no gunpowder on his clothes
or anywhere else in the car
this meant that the person who shot him
was outside but all the windows were
closed
all the doors locked and the only bullet
hole was on the man's body
how was it possible perhaps some mystic
powers
here's your 15 seconds
the answer is actually quite simple the
car where the man had been killed
was a convertible when the fatal shot
sounded the roof was down
blood ties a millionaire was shot in the
forehead
at his own home detective stevens spoke
to the millionaire's three sons
jack john and james who were at home
jack said that night john their father
oh let me guess the wife's name is jane
i'll bet
anyway the father had been at an
official reception
they arrived home and entered the living
room his father came
in first then john and jack himself
[Music]
when their father came up to the stairs
james entered the living room
and shot their father john confirmed
jack's information
james said he had visited his friends
that night
when he arrived home his father had
already been dead
the detective understood everything
immediately so
who was the killer and how did stevens
resolve that case
what do you think
the word of one brother against two
others a tricky case
or have you already figured out what
happened let's check if you were right
john and jack lied if james had killed
their father
a bullet would have shot him in the nape
because he wanted to go upstairs
however the wound was on his forehead
all right i was thinking it was jane but
now
[Music]
a lonely man a lonely
old man lived in his house in the
suburbs of the city
he led a quiet life perhaps he was a
homebody
as he never left his dwelling for long
it was a mid-summer friday when the
mailman walked by
and called out for the man there was no
answer coming from inside the house
the mailman looked into the window and
oh no
saw the man in a pool of blood when the
policeman arrived
he found tuesday's newspaper two bottles
of warm milk
and one bottle of cold milk the next day
the killer was arrested
do you know how the police found out who
it was so quickly
what is your idea
five seconds remaining can you see the
answer
it was obviously the mailman he knew
that no one in that house would read a
newspaper on wednesday or
thursday that's why he came only on
friday
[Music]
in the city where people are keen on
brain teasers and riddles
four percent of people don't list their
phone numbers
so if we select 40 random people from
the phone directory
how many of them will have unlisted
numbers
oops seems you'll have to apply some
knowledge of mathematics here
20 seconds to refresh everything you've
ever learned
[Music]
the answer may make you indignant you've
opened your math school books after all
but it's zero percent if the numbers of
these 40 people are in the phone
directory
they are already listed by default
[Music]
murder at the mansion
on sunday afternoon mr james was found
dead
outside his mansion buried under the
snow oh oh
frosty the snowman did it uh no okay
never mind noticing him the gardener
informed james wife
who immediately called the police the
police asked everybody in the house
what they had been doing before the body
was found and got the following
alibis the gardener had been shoveling
snow
off the walkways of the property the
maid had been making the beds
the chef had been making breakfast the
wife had been reading a book while
waiting for her breakfast
the son had been having a long hot
shower
the daughter had been sitting near the
fireplace
later that day two of them were arrested
who were they
think it over you've got 15 seconds
[Music]
do
the wife and the chef killed mr james
how did the police guess well who makes
and waits for breakfast in the afternoon
flying coffee a woman was having
breakfast
at a nice restaurant at one moment she
noticed a fly in her coffee
she was indignant and made the waiter
bring her another cup of the drink
after he returned with a new cup of
coffee she shouted
what is the service in this place you
have brought me the same cup of coffee
how did she understand it perhaps the
woman was a psychic
what do you think
[Music]
she had already put sugar in her
previous cup of coffee
when she tried the new one it was sweet
[Music]
romantic journey mr and mrs clyde
went on a trip to the mountains but two
days later
mr clyde returned home alone
he went to the police and said that mrs
clyde had fallen to her death
[Music]
the next day detective stevens visited
mr clyde
and arrested him for his wife's murder
clyde confessed his guilt
and asked the detective how he found out
he was the murderer
stephen said he simply called a travel
agent and asked for some information
[Music]
what did the travel agent say to the
detective
what is your version did it have
anything to do with the insurance
perhaps
you have just a few seconds left
[Music]
do you know the answer the words of the
travel agent
shed light on the whole situation mr
clyde bought two plane tickets to the
mountains
and only one return ticket ah
if only mrs clyde had known hey
blame the beatles she didn't have a
ticket to ride
[Music]
two pills a serial killer had a
particular practice going
he kidnapped people and made them take
one of two pills
one was harmless the other was poisonous
whichever pill
a victim took the serial killer took the
other one
then the scheme repeated itself
continuously victims took their pills
with water and died
the killer repeatedly survived how did
he always get the harmless pill
good luck your time has started
[Music]
here's the answer the serial killer was
tricking people
the poison was in the glass of water his
victims drank
not in the pill oh that stinks
so unfair
[Music]
you have seven guests at your birthday
party and you've gotta figure out how to
cut your round birthday cake
only three times to make eight equal
size slices
seven for your guests and one for you of
course
time's a ticking and your guests are
waiting for their cake so get going
[Music]
answer well first off you have to cut
vertically right down the middle of the
cake to make two equal pieces
do the same thing but this time
horizontally to make four slices
your third and final cut should be
laterally across the cake
which will quickly turn your four slices
into eight
so how'd you do on this one and no
worries we still got tons more
sam's birthday sam is a truly special
young lady
she was just 17 the day before yesterday
next year
she'll be 20 already what's her secret
you've got
15 seconds to figure out this girl's
mysterious
[Music]
aging
sam's not a time traveler or anything
she was born on december 31st
so if today is january 1st it's correct
to say that she was 17
on the day before yesterday she turned
the next day she'll be 19 on the last
day of this year
and next year she'll be 20. and that's
how sam gets a lot of dates
[Music]
in court for killing the wife a man is
accused of killing his wife
his lawyer in his final statement
declares that the wife of the man
in fact hasn't been killed and will
enter the courtroom in a minute
everybody in the room including the
judge and the jury
turns and looks at the door and the
lawyer with the defendant looks at them
several minutes pass and the lawyer says
it proves that you are not so sure that
my client has killed his wife
otherwise you wouldn't believe me almost
immediately after that
the jury comes up with a guilty verdict
why does it happen
15 seconds to find the answer
[Music]
the man who had been accused wasn't
looking at the door he was sure his wife
wouldn't enter
as he had killed her
[Music]
liar a man told the police that he had
come home from work
to find his wife's dead body lying in
the middle of the parlor
he said she had apparently found his gun
in his desk
and shot herself however the policeman
knew
at once that the man was live
how did he know 15 seconds is all you
have to solve this mystery
[Music]
the policeman noticed that the man had
an empty gun holster attached to his
belt
it meant he'd either been about to take
the gun with him
or headed on him all along the former
couldn't be true
because he said he'd come home from work
and found his wife dead
that's why we are left with the ladder
not the latter the latter
which proves that the man had actually
shot his wife
frozen windows once on a cold winter day
a tragedy happened john found his friend
dead in his own house
john called the police and said he was
just passing by jack's house
when he decided to drop by to see him he
had been knocking
and ringing the bell for a long time
however all was silent
perhaps jack wasn't at home but john
could very well see the light in the
room through a frozen window
he breathed on the ice window glass and
saw jack on the floor
unexpectedly for john the police
arrested him as the main suspect
why 15 seconds to go
[Music]
only five seconds left
obviously john hasn't thought his legend
through
he wouldn't be able to unfreeze the
window glass because
it's usually icy on the inside
[Music]
a blind man had been dreaming of being
able to see again for many years
this had been his biggest wish after
some time
his doctor confirmed that he could have
an operation that would solve his
problem
the man couldn't be happier the surgery
went well
and the man took the train to go home
the doctor allowed him to take his
bandages off three hours after the
operation
so the man was so impatient that he did
this while still on the train
but as soon as he finished he committed
a suicide
jumping off the train his operation was
successful
so why did he do this 20 seconds for you
to solve this mystery
[Music]
why could a man whose dream has come
true kill himself
in fact it was a tragic coincidence
when the man opened his bandages the
train was going through a dark tunnel
that's why the man thought he was still
blind and killed himself
stuck in the middle it's fitness day at
school
and all the children ran the same
distance each kid was ranked according
to his or her own unique result
billy turned out to be both the 50th
fastest and the 50th slowest runner
how many kids are there at billy school
piece of cake right
i'll still give you 15 seconds just in
[Music]
case
even though 100 sounds like a clear-cut
answer it's
actually 99. billy is 50th in the
sequence from 1 to 50 of the fastest
runners
if he's the 50th slowest there has to be
99 runners ranked from
50 to 99
[Music]
a case of a smuggler a man carrying two
bags with sand
crosses the mexican border on a bicycle
every day
customs officers regularly check the
bags and all the time
they contain sand it is obvious that the
man smuggles something
but the officers can't realize what it
is exactly
as they don't have any proof the man
crosses the border without interruptions
what does he smuggle your time has
started
[Music]
this creative individual distracts the
custom officer's attention with the bags
of sand
but in fact he smuggles bicycles
[Music]
silly murderer the detective was
speaking to a doctor in a waiting room
when a dismayed man rushed in and
screamed somebody shot my wife
the detective asked the man to tell him
everything
the man mr clark said that he was at
work when his housekeeper called him
and said that something terrible had
happened to his wife and that she was in
the intensive care unit
he hung up immediately and went to the
hospital
when mr clark finished his story the
detective
arrested him on the attempted murder
charge
[Music]
why did he do this
can the detective read minds what is
your opinion
you have just a few seconds left to make
your guess
in fact mr clark didn't know anything
about a shot
his housekeeper only said that something
bad had happened to his wife
no firearm had been mentioned by the way
are you also keeping count of how many
couples are killing their spouses
so much spouse aside what does this say
about our society
well firstly the killers all screw it up
but i digress
[Music]
chemical substances
a famous chemist was murdered in his lab
there was no evidence found
except for a piece of paper with the
names of chemical
substances on it on the day he was
murdered
the chemist had only three visitors his
wife mary
his nephew nicholas and his friend
jonathan
the police arrested the murderer right
away how did they know who it was
a little hint play closer attention to
the note
[Music]
the answer is hidden in the note this
piece of paper had a clue
if you combine the short names of the
chemical substances on the paper
you'll get a name n-i c-o-l-a-s
even dying this man remained a real
chemist
speaking of chemists here's one for you
johnny was a chemist's son
but johnny is no more for what he
thought was h2o
was h2so4 which is of course sulfuric
acid
oops well did you manage to solve these
detective
riddles did you wow if so
don't forget to hit like and share this
video with your friends
[Music]
your friend asks you for a favor and
gives you five dollars
asking you to buy something to eat
something to drink
something to feed his cow with and
something to plant in his garden
at the same time you're allowed to buy
just one thing
what are you going to buy to eat to
drink
to feed the cow and to plant wow doesn't
your friend think that's a little bit
too much
do you know the solution to his riddle
if not yet
you still have 20 seconds
[Music]
you can go and buy a watermelon
you can eat it you can drink it you can
feed the cow with the rinds
and as for the watermelon seeds you can
easily plant them in the garden
the resourceful goldsmith a king
invited a famous astrologer to his
palace in order to read his future in
the stars
the astrologer agreed to come at a price
he said he would show up on any day of
the month and the king would have to pay
him on the spot
in goal he demanded an amount of gold in
ounces corresponding to the date of his
visit
the king agreed so he ordered the
goldsmith to make gold pieces weighing
from 1 to 31 ounces
the king was expecting to see 31 pieces
but only got
5 instead how much did each piece weigh
since this one involves some math you've
got 30 seconds to
solve it
[Music]
this clever goldsmith made five easily
combinable pieces of gold
instead of 31 individuals they weighed 1
2 4 8 and 16 ounces
with these weights the king could give
the astrologer a one and two ounce piece
on the third day
or for day 15 he could give the
astrologer pieces weighing one
two four and eight ounces on the
thirtieth day
the astrologer would get pieces weighing
two four eight and sixteen
all the other dates would be possible to
weigh in gold too
suicide message a body of a man was
found in the flat
at some moment he collapsed against his
desk a gun in his hand
the police found a cassette recorder
nearby when they pressed the play button
what they heard was i can't live like
this anymore
then the sound of a gunshot was heard
however
the detective immediately figured out
that it was a murder
how did he realize that it wasn't a
suicide
surely you already know the answer if
not
you still have some time
[Music]
if the man had killed himself he by no
means would have been able to rewind the
tape
conclusion there was someone else
the murder of an aristocrat
george smith was murdered on sunday
evening
there were five other people in his
house mr smith's wife
i'm betting she did it his personal cook
a butler
a housemaid and a gardener
[Music]
they all told detective stevens what
they were doing that evening
mrs smith was reading a book near a
fireplace
the cook was making breakfast
the butler was giving instructions to
workers in the living room
[Music]
the housemate was washing the dishes
the gardener was watering plants in the
greenhouse
right after all the conversations the
detective arrested the murderer
[Music]
who was the killer and how did stevens
find the criminal
will you be able to solve this riddle in
15 seconds
if you want more time to consider this
case you can always pause the video
[Music]
well what is your answer the criminal
was the cook
of course he was i knew that all the
time the murder was committed in the
evening
but he said he was making breakfast he
had to pay more attention to what he was
saying
you know what i think mrs smith paid the
gardener to kill her husband because he
was having an affair with a housemaid
it all fits
crime scene a man killed his wife in
their car
he used a knife which he later threw
away into an abyss
where nobody was going to find it his
wife's body he took out of the car
he was very careful and left no
fingerprints after that
he headed home in a couple of hours he
got a call from the police
they informed him that his wife had been
killed and he had to arrive at the crime
scene right away
as soon as he got there however he was
suspected for the murder
how did the police realize it had been
him who was guilty
and 15 seconds for you take your time
[Music]
the husband wasn't informed of the
definite location of the crime scene
despite that he came to the right place
we hope you had a good time while
solving these riddles which one was the
hardest nut to crack
tell us in the comments and share this
video with your friends
you can compare the results afterwards
once a king sentenced a man to death for
a crime he had committed
however the king was a kind man so he
allowed the man to choose the way he
would prefer to die
but the man was clever and managed to
say something that saved him from the
capital punishment
which death did he choose you have only
20 seconds to figure it out
but if you need more time don't forget
you can pause the video
[Music]
well being a clever man the culprit
chose to die
of old age
[Music]
[Applause]
two men are standing on the edge of an
abyss on a wood board
one of them is holding a gun and wants
to shoot the other one
but if the second guy falls down the
first one will fall into the abyss
is there a possible way for one of them
to survive
who will actually die 20 seconds for you
to solve this dilemma
[Music]
in fact the thing is that the answers to
this riddle are too diverse and everyone
just thinks differently
so what is your idea we hate to leave
you
hanging over the abyss but hey it's what
we do sometimes
share your guesses with us in the
[Music]
comments
so
[Music]
also tell us which riddle made you think
longer than others
and if there was a super tough one you
didn't manage to solve
share this video with those of you
friends who like riddles and mysteries
as much as you do
remember to press the like button and
click subscribe
this way you'll make sure that you have
access to many more cool videos
on the bright side of life
[Music]